# Quarantine-center-management
COVID-19 Quarantine facility management software is an innovative facility management solution that helps hospitals and clinics effectively manage patient care and streamline their daily operations.

The purpose of the project is to computerize the Front Office Management of Healthcare facility which is user friendly simple, fast, and cost – effective. It deals with the collection of patient’s information like add patient, assign patient to bed, discharge patient, view patient details, add new bed, view bed availability, add staff, assign staff to patient etc. Traditionally, it was done manually. The main function of the system is register and store patient details and doctor details and retrieve these details as and when required, and also to manipulate these details meaningfully. The COVID-19 Healthcare Management System can be entered using a username and password. It is accessible by an Admin or Receptionist. Only they can add data into the database. The data can be retrieved easily. The data is well protected for personal use and makes the data processing very fast. 
 
With the high demands on the healthcare industry today, it’s more important than ever before for hospitals and clinics to maintain perfection in terms of facility management. The delicate hospital ecosystem has no room for error in asset management, equipment sanitation, cleaning & sanitization, and other custodial tasks during the current COVID-19 pandemic. 

Implementing the right healthcare facility management software for your hospital or clinic is an invaluable addition to your facility management efforts. An all-inclusive facility management solution can help you maintain a clean, well-functioning, safe, and sanitized hospital that positively influences the patient experience. 
